add doc about fuse node selector (#1522)
fluid-cloudnative/fluid: docs/en/samples/fuse_affinity.md

alluxioruntime-controller-f87f54fd6-pqj77   1/1     Running   0          14h
csi-nodeplugin-fluid-4pfmk                  2/2     Running   0          13h
csi-nodeplugin-fluid-qwlm4                  2/2     Running   0          13h
dataset-controller-bb95bb754-dsxww          1/1     Running   0          14h
fluid-webhook-66b77ccb8f-vvqjb              1/1     Running   0          13h
```

Typically, you will see a pod named `dataset-controller`, a pod named `alluxioruntime-controller`, and several pods named `csi-nodeplugin` running. Among them, the number of `csi-nodeplugin` these pods depends on the number of nodes in your Kubernetes cluster.

## Create new work environment

```
$ mkdir <any-path>/fuse-nodeselector-use
$ cd <any-path>/fuse-nodeselector-use
```

## Demo

**Check all nodes**

```
$ kubectl get nodes
NAME                      STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
cn-beijing.172.16.0.101   Ready    <none>   13h   v1.20.11-aliyun.1
cn-beijing.172.16.0.99    Ready    <none>   23h   v1.20.11-aliyun.1
```

**Use labels to identify nodes**

```
$ kubectl label nodes cn-beijing.172.16.0.101 select-node=true
node/cn-beijing.172.16.0.101 labeled
```

> In the next steps, we will use the `NodeSelector` to manage the deployment scope of the Fuse client, so mark the desired node here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next steps, we will use the `NodeSelector` to decide which node to deploy the Fuse client. Firstly, we label the desired node here.
```

**Check nodes again**

```
$ kubectl get node -L select-node
NAME                      STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION             SELECT-NODE
cn-beijing.172.16.0.101   Ready    <none>   13h   v1.20.11-aliyun.1   true
cn-beijing.172.16.0.99    Ready    <none>   23h   v1.20.11-aliyun.1 
```

> Currently, out of all 2 nodes, only one node has the `select-node=true` tag added, and next, we hope that the Fuse client will only be deployed on this node.

Reviewer: IMO,  "label" is better than "tag" since it's the predefined concept in Kubernetes

**Check the `Dataset` object to be created**

```
$ cat<<EOF >dataset.yaml
apiVersion: data.fluid.io/v1alpha1
kind: Dataset
metadata:
  name: hbase
spec:
  mounts:
    - mountPoint: https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/apache/hbase/stable/
      name: hbase
EOF
```

**Create the dataset object**

```
$ kubectl create -f dataset.yaml
dataset.data.fluid.io/hbase created
```

**Check the `AlluxioRuntime` object to be created**

```
$ cat<<EOF >runtime.yaml
apiVersion: data.fluid.io/v1alpha1
kind: AlluxioRuntime
metadata:
  name: hbase
spec:
  replicas: 1
  tieredstore:
    levels:
      - mediumtype: MEM
        path: /dev/shm
        quota: 2Gi
        high: "0.95"
        low: "0.7"
  fuse:
    nodeSelector:
      select-node: "true"
EOF
```

> In this configuration file fragment, use `spec.fuse.nodeSelector` to set AlluxioRuntime to the node just marked with `select-node=true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this configuration snippet, use `spec.fuse.nodeSelector` to set AlluxioRuntime to the node just marked with `select-node=true`
```

              name: hbase-vol
      volumes:
        - name: hbase-vol
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: hbase
EOF
```

**Create the application**

```
$ kubectl create -f nginx.yaml
deployment.apps/nginx created
```

**Check the status of pods**

```
$ kubectl get po -owide
NAME                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE   IP             NODE                      NOMINATED NODE   READINESS GATES
hbase-fuse-4jfgl        1/1     Running   0          41m   172.16.0.101   cn-beijing.172.16.0.101   <none>           <none>
hbase-master-0          2/2     Running   0          64m   172.16.0.101   cn-beijing.172.16.0.101   <none>           <none>
hbase-worker-0          2/2     Running   0          64m   172.16.0.101   cn-beijing.172.16.0.101   <none>           <none>
nginx-766564fc7-8vz4s   0/1     Pending   0          41m   <none>         <none>                    <none>           <none>
nginx-766564fc7-rtmwh   1/1     Running   0          41m   10.73.0.135    cn-beijing.172.16.0.101   <none>           <none>
```

It can be seen that the Fuse client is only started on the node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.101` with the `select-node=true` label.

> One of the two pods (`nginx-766564fc7-rtmwh`) is started on node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.101` because of `PodAntiAffinity` between pods, the other pod (`nginx-766564fc7-8vz4s`) which should be started on another node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.99`, but due to the limitation of `spec.fuse.nodeSelector`, it cannot be scheduled and is in pending state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the two pods (`nginx-766564fc7-rtmwh`) is started on node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.101` . The other pod (`nginx-766564fc7-8vz4s`), which can only be scheduled on another node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.99` due to the `PodAntiAffinity` constraint,  is in pending state because of the `spec.fuse.nodeSelector` constraint.
```

**start all pods**

> In order to prove that the pod is not scheduled because of the limitation of `spec.fuse.nodeSelector`, we also mark the node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.99` with `select-node=true`, you can find the Fuse Pod and Nginx Pod of this node All started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prove that the pod is not scheduled because of the limitation of `spec.fuse.nodeSelector`, we also label the node `cn-beijing.172.16.0.99` with `select-node=true`, you can find the Fuse Pod and Nginx Pod of this node All started.
```
